hello everybody my name is Boden's and
welcome to a brand new fifa 14 ultimate
team trading tip video today we're going
to be talking about when to trade and
you guys are absolutely loving this area
so keep it up if we go up to 400 likes
on this video I'm gonna release another
one and probably on Monday so if he's
like that then leave a like on the video
and every guys before we get started
with it if you look into my or sell any
coins check out fever coins Express
links in the description and their coins
are so cheap right now five pound per
hunger kept hundred K and it's like one
quid cheaper than anywhere else right
now so go check them out links in the
description and buy some coins anyway so
we're gonna get started with a video
this is pretty much all about peak times
and off-peak times so if you don't want
peak times out and you know if what
off-peak times either listen to this
part so basically trading depends on of
these two things certain markets and for
instance Gold's actually and how does
its trade within peak times and silvers
and bronzes kind of actually easier in
peak times it kind of varies all the
time it's difficult to understand but in
this video I'm gonna be explaining it so
listen and sit back and try and learn
some stuff about trading anyway so with
trading and for the first month in fifa
14 it's gonna be fairly easy to trade
the first month or peak times and
off-peak times have kind of no relation
but I first move it's just easy to trade
through and pretty much easy they go
ezzz and then for the month afterwards
it kind of depends on when you are
trading what time you are around so but
peak times P times our around from
between us three o'clock in the
afternoon UK time to 12 midnight that is
when the most people are around most
people the most options on the market
that most traders pretty much everything
gets doubled you know like in how people
are around and that is because of the
just the amount of them everyone's
coming over from school everyone's
coming home from work and everyone's
just being around fever and playing some
football and of course after a football
match unlike the Champions League
there's something there could be a lot
of online people as well and maybe even
off off peak times it can happen with a
football but most of the time and it's
going to just be after work enough to
after school and then a weekend of
course weekends is like even more the
weekend of P for teens will
there's like so many auctions on the
market it's going to be crazy and
trading at that time is going to be the
easiest off-peak times though i'm not
actually from like 12 23 is from about
three o'clock till about 12 in the
morning because and that's when
everyone's getting ready to go to work
everyone's pretty much asleep Americans
a kind of awake at that time but and the
UK is what is FIFA like fifa fifa 14 is
like most on UK and it's gonna be like I
thought like sixty percent of people in
the UK so that is why and that everyone
where it's kind of a focus around the UK
with FIFA ok so now you know about the
peak times what should you be doing who
should you be trading them should you
not be training in them so basically
what i did on fifa 12 ultimate team for
the first month is actually i traded in
peak times i found that the m auction on
the market outweighed how many people
were trading i don't know if this was
just me but trading in like vore till
six o'clock in the afternoon was really
really effective for about a month
because the amount auction on the market
outweighed by far how many people were
trying to outbid me and stuff it was
just so easy but I had a Buy Now method
called the force method that you can go
watch that like previous on my channel
ages goble and you load a load more
methods for fifa 14 when the game comes
out 50 new earlier make sure to
subscribe for more videos and trading
videos like pretty much daily welfare
when people 14 comes out and but the
force method was pretty much just be
buying up on people and for that first
month in from about four till six i used
to get out like just 50 cards easily
making like 1k at least on each player
it we've really really easy and really
really fun trading when you good at it
or when you actually have a little bit
success for an hour is actually the most
fun thing to do or be four in my opinion
especially when you get raging stuff in
actual online matches and so that is my
opinion on the first month on the first
month p times can be an advantage but of
course it is different again okay so now
let's talk about what happens after
FIFA's died down a bit so we're about a
month and a half into fee for what
should you be trading when should you be
trading okay so certain areas actually
best is trading at different times for
instance gold how did the trade in up
eight times because there is a lot of
pull on the market but most traders kind
of resort to that method join p 10
because usually around that time guy as
many good traders on and they will
trying to views and the gold method but
however bronzes and silver the peak time
are really really useful because quite a
bit more report on the market
isn't that many traders doing a silver
or bronze oslo so it's like five star
silvers and five star on this 4-star
bronzes it's fast Silver's fast bronzes
though is it quite easy to trade with
and make some easy profit on however
still burns at silvers and bronzes
joined off-peak times a bit more
difficult because off-peak times most
people resort to silvers and bronzes
because they think oh this am there's
not many people gold on the market so
just go to these silver the bronzes and
most of the time that's quite difficult
to trade with offbeat tines however gold
off-peak times can be quite easy not
many people are looking at them and
however the same amount of auctions are
pretty much on and kind of dying off at
that time in forms know if you look in
this quiet finance of FIFA and informs
AZ trade with through the most of FIFA
and if you know the trading method for
in forms which i'll upload later on I
will I will do that definitely because
it's such a really good method it's what
I use most of all all and FIFA and the
in-form method is pretty much so easy to
use and it works through peak times and
offbeat times off-peak times it kind of
can be good it kind of can be bad again
it's the same reason there isn't as many
bought the reasons many traders and at
peak times it is as many and there's
quite a lot of informs but this quite a
lot road is looking informed especially
at peak times there is quite a lot of
traders looking in forms again it's to
the verdict for this video when should
you trade basically if you're going to
try and trade with gold you should
probably try and do it off peak because
there is not many people looking at gold
off-peak time however there's still
quite a few gold on the market however
if you're going to trade with Silver's
bronzes and informs then anytime is
going to be okay however off-peak times
can be an advantage and then peak times
can be advantage as well it's really
really difficult to say what bronzes
silvers and informs are pretty much okay
to trade with any time just gold it's
gonna be quite difficult at peak times
but of course for that first fifa 14
ultimate team month it's gonna be quite
easy to trade with whatsoever so
hopefully you guys you learnt a little
bit join us video if you have leave a
like as i said 400 and i'll upload
another training tip maybe even a method
on monday if you have any
recommendations for a video to do with
people seen trading then leave it in the
comments down below you can click on the
left video to go to my minecraft channel
it's almost 1.8 k source which is
awesome thank you so much for anybody
going over there you can click the link
and it'll take you there on the right is
another fifa 14 ultimate team trading
tip that will hopefully help you
guys out like you guys so much watching
and I will see you all later bye bye